but I wanted more shit and there's gwen
stacy but by god how beautiful she is
that girl thank you and I see and hear you're
a great father he is the doctor of empire
state
curt connors have all of you very
good afternoon, I'm doctor curtis
connors and if you ask me x de soy
left handed
but what the hell happened do something just
to move thanks to that bite of
shit I have a terrible dizziness that I do not
let walk or see well
but what the hell happened that car
I would have run over if it were not because
I did what I did give me everything you have
concha your mother I have nothing please
do not hurt me kill those bums or not
let it escape x baby I told them
that I have nothing and stop fucking me
You are going to fuck stop being fucking
this shit like I did that to the car
They know they should not have expected me
awake until you finally show
Signs of life besides you had us
very worried my wife
your aunt had to walk me seven
apples alone at this time of night
they believe that if I really
worry he would be here with me
telling me what you are telling me
right now and please with what right not
with what right does it say this they do not see it and
young
Today I'm going, I'm not asshole, I'm coming, uncle, come
but what happened as I explained in
conference if he managed to combine the DNA
human and the DNA of some animal I can
get the skill as well as the
lizards to be able to regenerate any
part of my body
it's great
I designed this mask so nobody can achieve
recognize me
and hear you look like your hands do not
they were taught not to play with weapons
it seems that someone has to do it
poor idiot you defend yourself with your weapon
but how much do I bet you could not
face my stockings try
keep another idiot wood it seems that
you do not learn hey if you're going to steal
cars not seen as car thief
what house are you country is police seriously
if it was the police you think it would have
this red suit I already knew or you think
everything that is on the internet no no no
I'm just saying I saw a video on the internet myself
I think you're a fucking porter
that you only see porn I do not think you're
able to watch videos where you can
report on current issues bravo
bravo bravo watches a video on the internet
closed case apparently he does
something the police do not do something that
we do not do which side you're on
is that I am that spider subject that you
father wants to castrate can not be in
serious if it is true to observe there is not
promises that will not meet those are
the best